README.md, before:

# spring-batch-multiple-executions

This is a sample projet to prove that is possible the use of multiple executions using Spring Batch and Spring Boot with WEB starter at the same code.

## Executions

### Using docker-compose

#### Web Application

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.web.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.web.yml down
```

#### Batch Application - Job Name: PATIENT

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-patient.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-patient.yml down
```

#### Batch Application - Job Name: DOCTOR

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-doctor.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-doctor.yml down
```

### Using Intellij

Make sure it is running a PostgreSQL instance.
It is possible run the follow command before to start a PostgreSQL container

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml up
```

#### Web Application

![web-application](docs/web-application.png)

#### Batch Application - Job Name: PATIENT

![batch-application-patient](docs/batch-application-patient.png)

#### Batch Application - Job Name: DOCTOR

![batch-application-doctor](docs/batch-application-doctor.png)

Commit message:

Creation of kubernetes files for patient and doctor batches.

README.md, after:

# spring-batch-multiple-executions

This is a sample projet to prove that is possible the use of multiple executions using Spring Batch and Spring Boot with WEB starter at the same code.

## Executions

### Using docker-compose

#### Web Application

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.web.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.web.yml down
```

#### Batch Application - Job Name: PATIENT

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-patient.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-patient.yml down
```

#### Batch Application - Job Name: DOCTOR

##### Start

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-doctor.yml up
```

##### Stop

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml -f docker-compose.batch-doctor.yml down
```

### Using Kubernetes

It is configured to run the batches for Patient and Doctor in addition the structure in Kubernetes.

```shell script
./devops$ kubectl create -f ./
```

### Using Intellij

Make sure it is running a PostgreSQL instance.
It is possible run the follow command before to start a PostgreSQL container

```shell script
./devops$ docker-compose -f docker-compose.structure.yml up
```

#### Web Application

![web-application](docs/web-application.png)

#### Batch Application - Job Name: PATIENT

![batch-application-patient](docs/batch-application-patient.png)

#### Batch Application - Job Name: DOCTOR

![batch-application-doctor](docs/batch-application-doctor.png)
